Add reboot and shutdown service to synology_dsm (#15511)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/synology_dsm.markdown

## Cameras
- `{camera_name}`: Displays cameras added in [Surveillance Station](https://www.synology.com/en-us/surveillance).

## Services

> - `synology_dsm.reboot`: Reboot the by `serial` specified DSM. If only one DSM is configured, `serial` is not requiered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Service `synology_dsm.reboot`

Reboot the by `serial` specified DSM. If only one DSM is configured, `serial` is not required.
```

  | Service data attribute | Required | Description |
  | ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
  | `serial` | yes, when multiple NAS are configured | serial of DSM |

> - `synology_dsm.shutdown`: Shutdown the by `serial` specified DSM. If only one DSM is configured, `serial` is not requiered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Service `synology_dsm.shutdown`

Shutdown the by `serial` specified DSM. If only one DSM is configured, `serial` is not required.
```

## Cameras
- `{camera_name}`: Displays cameras added in [Surveillance Station](https://www.synology.com/en-us/surveillance).

> ## Services `synology_dsm.reboot`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Services

### Service `synology_dsm.reboot`
```

Reboot the by `serial` specified DSM. If only one DSM is configured, `serial` is not requiered.

  | Service data attribute | Required | Description |
  | ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
  | `serial` | yes, when multiple NAS are configured | serial of DSM |

> ## Services `synology_dsm.shutdown`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Service `synology_dsm.shutdown`
```

## Cameras
- `{camera_name}`: Displays cameras added in [Surveillance Station](https://www.synology.com/en-us/surveillance).

## Services

### Service `synology_dsm.reboot`

> Reboot the by `serial` specified DSM. If only one DSM is configured, `serial` is not requiered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reboot the specified NAS by `serial`. If only one DSM is configured, `serial` is optional.
```

  | Service data attribute | Required | Description |
  | ---------------------- | -------- | ----------- |
  | `serial` | yes, when multiple NAS are configured | serial of DSM |

### Service `synology_dsm.shutdown`

> Shutdown the by `serial` specified DSM. If only one DSM is configured, `serial` is not requiered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Shutdown the specified NAS by `serial`. If only one DSM is configured, `serial` is optional.
```
